Reference for stage 3 explicit-resource-management (#38027)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/statements/await_using/index.md

In the example below, the `example()` call below doesn't resolve until one tick after, because of an implicit `await` when the function returns.

```js
async function example() {
  await using nothing = null;
  console.log("Example call");
}

example().then(() => console.log("Example done"));
Promise.resolve().then(() => console.log("Microtask done"));
// Output:
// Example call
// Microtask done
// Example done
```

Consider the same code but with a synchronous {{jsxref("Statements/using", "using")}} instead. This time, the `example()` call immediately resolves, so the two `then()` handlers are called in the same tick.

```js
async function example() {
  using nothing = null;
  console.log("Example call");
}

example().then(() => console.log("Example done"));
Promise.resolve().then(() => console.log("Microtask done"));
// Output:
// Example call
// Example done
// Microtask done
```

> For a more realistic example, consider two calls to a function in parallel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a more realistic example, consider two concurrent calls to a function:
```
Pedantically, you can't have two [parallel](https://freecontent.manning.com/concurrency-vs-parallelism/) function calls in JS without making a Worker.
